What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	We create a file named .git, which gives us the posibility of make commits and keep track of our modification in our files.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	You can compare the files in the SA and the last commit using the git diff command and the parameter --staged. We cold see the logical changes made from the last commit and make sure this is what we want to change. In this case, we make the commit to save those changes.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	This could be usefull when we want to aplly some extra functionality or try some new aproach to the problem, but we also want to keep our orginal idea or axis for solving this particlar problem. 
	Branches make possible to try new code and test some features, without takking the main focus on the aplication.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	With this tool, we could see with clarity wich are the master branch of our proyect, see the alternative branches and wich commits were implicated in those.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	The result of merging two branches is one branch with the combination of the commits of both branches, order by date and time that were commited. We represent like the way we do beacause its a combination of diffetens commits, take a different direction or approuch. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	The pros of automatic merges vs manual is that a lot of information is merge, the similar lines are merged automaticly and online have to merge the similar or conflictive ones. The manual merge is better in taking the precise work that we want to include and avoid posible conflict on our work (not compililable code o bugs).


